There’s no word in the dictionary that can describe the feelings within me for you, my dear.
As you’ve turned out to be the best thing that has ever happened to me in my entire existence.
It’s always my joy to see you happy each and every day. I desire to make you mine and get to feel your subtle touch; your pretty lips and all your body.
I want you to showered me with care and love as you express your feelings for me.
And I wish we will always be together forever and until the end of time.
I love you so much more than you could ever imagine.
Can you imagine how times fly… It seems like yesterday, but it’s been more than a year ago since you crossed my path and came into my life.
Not a single thing that I don’t admire about you as everything about you is very unique to me.
From your compassionate heart to your glowing face, your charming smile, your pretty lips – I love everything.
All I craved for is see and make you feel better and happier each and every day.
I love you beyond words.
It’s those very small things about you I treasure so much more. I love your charming and sweet voice; I love your glowing and friendly smile and your beautiful eyes.
And most especially, the warmness I always feel each time I’m around you.
Ever since you came into my life, I never stop reminiscing about you and your love, as you now mean so much more than you could ever imagine.
I never envisaged that I could meet someone as beautiful and amazing as you, my dear. I’m glad to have you as you turned out to be the best thing that ever happened to me.
I love you so much.
My love is forever yours. Come rain and sunshine, I will treat you like a diamond and will never let you stay a mile from me. Even if you are far away from me, you will never leave my heart even for a second. My love for you will blossom until my dying days because I have felt purpose and I want to show you, love.
While I might not have the most tantalizing words at my disposal to express my love to you, I will manage these three words (I love you) to let you know that my world revolves around you all year round.
You know how I feel about you, I want you to also know that there is no mistaking in it. My love for you is real and I will love you forever because you are the only one that deserved to be loved this tenderly.
Sometimes I get caught up with life issues and I start to worry, I get down and alone in thoughts, I feel like a lost child without a home, but the kind of love you give me just keeps me hanging on, all I will ever need is you, thank you for being there for me, love you so much.
Sometimes I get caught up with life issues and I start to worry, I get down and alone in thoughts, I feel like a lost child without a home, but the kind of love you give me just keeps me hanging on, all I will ever need is you, thank you for being there for me, love you so much.
You mean the world to me, I say this from the bottom of my heart. You have proven to me that love doesn’t cost a thing, because I can’t possibly imagine what I could have done to deserve this kind of love, thank you for sharing part of your heart with me, I promise to handle and guide it with my life. I will love you forever and nothing can change that.
From high school to dating and from being mere strangers to being love birds, my life has been so great with you, it’s been a joyride all through, I will love to step it up to the next level because you will make me the perfect wife. I feel so special to have known someone like you, I love you so much pretty.
Seeing you smile means a great deal for me, I would never want to see you sad. I would do anything humanly possible to keep your face all glomming with smiles and laughter, because your love is everything to me. It’s even more than what I bargained for, I am glad I have got you, I love you so much.
There are a thousand ways to say I love you around the world, but only one way to prove it and that is by actions. You have proved that you love me unconditionally time and again. You were that one person who was by my side when all the world was against me. I have known ever since that day that you were the one for me. I try to love you and take care of you as much and as well as I can. I hope you know that I have the best intentions always, so forgive me if I ever hurt you or caused you pain. I love you for now until forever and will never leave your side.
I know that I can’t give you the world, but I promise to hold on to you forever, there is nothing that would give me greater joy than to see you happy always, you are the best thing since God made man, forever you will be the queen of my heart, your love is everything to me.
Knowing you are with me makes my life a dream come true. Remembering our first kiss is remembering since when my heart beats for you. When we first held hands, our souls became one. Seeing you is feeling everything is fine. My love, I share all my feelings with you.
I remember the first time I saw you. I knew I wanted to be with you from the moment I laid eyes on you. I couldn’t stop looking at you, your eyes, your smile – you stole my heart the first moment you spoke. I didn’t believe in love at first sight until I met you. And to this day, I can’t believe you chose me to be with you. You’re everything I want as a partner and you’re mine. Don’t think for a minute that I don’t appreciate everything you do for us. You’re everything to me and I love you.
I know I can’t give you the world, but I can give you my heart, my love, and my affection. I promise to stay true to you and hold on you to for as long as you let me. Though I can’t give you the world, I’ll do everything I can to make you as happy as you can be by my side. I feel like I’m the king of the world right now because I found my queen.
I’m in love with you, and I’m not in the business of denying myself the simple pleasure of saying true things. I’m in love with you, and I know that love is just a shout into the void, and that oblivion is inevitable, and that we’re all doomed and that there will come a day when all our labor has been returned to dust, and I know the sun will swallow the only earth we’ll ever have, and I am in love with you.
I know how much you love reading, so I thought I’d try to write you a love letter. I’m no writer, you know this, but I wanted to tell you how much I love you on paper. I want you to have a memory of words and feelings. Though you’re not beside me right now, I am constantly having you in my mind. I see your eyes, your lips, I feel your hands and the feeling in my stomach when you smile. I wish I could be with you right now, I will be soon. I can’t imagine my life without you in it and though you’re far away right now, I can feel you right next to me. I love you.
If love can be this powerful why won’t I be ready to die along with you as far as you have true feelings for me? I have no choice but to always be in love with you because you have been so kind to me; you mean the whole world and I love you!
Thank you for loving me. I may not say it out loud, and I may not have the guts to write it on paper, and yet here I am sending you this just to let you know. There’s no other woman in this world who can love me the way you do. And most of the time, you don’t even have to try. There’s something about the way you care about me, the way you talk to me, the way you touch me that makes me feel like I’m truly alive. So thank you for giving me your love, and thank you for taking my love in return.
I think about the time before you were a part of my life. I remember being aimlessly drifting from one place to another, for I was bereft a cause in my life. Along came you and from that day forth everything changed. You have given me so much that I can never pay you back and I know that I can only spend my lifetime loving you and make you feel safe and secure in my arms. I know that you are that once in a lifetime gift that is bestowed upon lucky ones from heaven above and you mean the world to me.
I think about the time before you were a part of my life. I remember being aimlessly drifting from one place to another, for I was bereft a cause in my life. Along came you and from that day forth everything changed. You have given me so much that I can never pay you back and I know that I can only spend my lifetime loving you and make you feel safe and secure in my arms. I know that you are that once in a lifetime gift that is bestowed upon lucky ones from heaven above and you mean the world to me.
I send you much love and fondness to you with this letter. My adorable wife, how far can you go for me? I am keen to go far and beyond just to let you realize that you are the most excellent thing that has happened to me!
Sweetheart, your love is deeper than the deepest ocean, extensive than the skies and brighter than the brightest star that shines all night.
No one brings so much happiness to my life as you. In your company, I find love that I have never known before. I can't imagine what my life would be without you. I want to spend the rest of my life with you.
I've never had a moment's doubt. I love you. I believe in you completely. You are my dearest one. My reason for life.
Hi Love, I want you to know that there's no one who can replace you. The way you look, the way you always know what I am thinking about, the way you gave me hug when I need it the most, and the way you listen to me is priceless. You have touched me more profoundly than I ever thought you could.
My love,
did you know that when you travel my heart becomes really lonely?? It beats really tight, slowly and sadly, because it can´t stand being away from you... You are the happiness in my life, I suffer a lot when I am obligated to be far away from you; I suffer a lot when I realize you are not near, and will take long to be with me again. I know the circumstances make things be this way. I try to conform myself but I can´t, because every time you go away, it is more evident how dependent I am of your love.
I want you back, quickly, very quickly,
Don´t let me suffer any longer and come back to my arms and to my love.
My dear,your absence agonizes and hurts me, everything I see, hear or do reminds me of you. Distance is cruel, very cruel. As I´ve said everything reminds me of you. The flower shop in the corner: the chair at the restaurant, empty, the ice-cream shop, where we spent so many sweet moments, the pillow where I found a string of your hair...everything reminds me of you, everything reinforces the sensation of loss. The loss I feel when you are away! But there's something that hurts me too much: looking at your picture and seeing you smile and so lovely. If you knew how much I miss that timid smile that was always upon your lips, you’d come back as soon as possible, and as soon as you got here you’d realize how much I love you.
Reminiscing about our journey together so far, the life we have lived in the past and every ideas that we have shared together.
It only makes me feel delighted and appreciated, because you’re not only my best friend but you’re also the love of my life.
No two persons could ever have loved me the way you do, because you loved me when no one else would.
And I feel very lucky to have been loved by someone so special and beautiful like you. I will always love you as I love you now, that’s a promise.
I love you beyond words.
The first time I saw you and you came into my life was a dream come true for me.
There have been times in my life when I have sat down and wondered truly; what good did I do to deserve someone so special like you?
You’ve loved me when no one else would; you’ve cared for me when nobody else does and you’ve given me the courage to face every difficulties.
The first time I held your hands in mine, I was filled with unexplainable feeling of love within me.
And each time I see your face, it’s a feeling that everything will be great. I’m grateful to God for making our path crossed and I’m blessed to have you in my life.
I cherish you forever.
I know there are days whereby you sit and wonder about how much I love you and what you mean to me. Don’t be curious anymore.
You’re the ocean that flows through my spirit; you’re the star in my sky; and you’re my light in the darkness.
Before I met you, life was miserable and sadness. And with you now, life is full of expectancies, adventures and pleasurable experiences.
You’ve given me reasons to believe real and true love, since I now share it with you, my dear.
I love you so much.
The warm fuzzies during the summer reminds me of you and your love.
Being with you makes me whole as the joy that comes with being together is peerless to any other that I have ever known.
I’m strongly believe now than before that I want to spend forevermore with you.
I can envision you and I aging gracefully together and yet crazily in love with each other.
I’m grateful that you made me feel loved and cared for and I vow to love you forever and always. I love you dearly.
Whenever I sit down and reminisce about you and the way you always look at me, I’m filled with this unexplainable passion of love.
The reality that you make me feel like this, makes you so unique and beautiful to me.
And also makes me want to spend the rest of my life with you, cherishing you as I’ve always done, because being with you makes me feel more comfortable and happy.
I don’t want to live any day without you nor your love.
I love you so much more than you could ever imagine.
There’s nothing that can beat the happiest feeling of seeing an adorable friend like you becoming the lover of my life.
You’ve always understood me even when nobody else does; you’ve loved and cared for me, even when I don’t deserve neither you nor your love.
You’re the one who knows me, helps me, loves me and understands me like no one else could.
I will always be here to partake in all of our life’s challenges and uncertainty together; I will always be a partner that’s supportive, understanding, caring and loving.
I cherish you forever.
count myself as a very lucky person on this planet earth, because I found and have someone so special like you!
Much more fortunate, because most times I get to receive and read your love letters and notes which are unequalled in admiration, affection and passion.
Come rain or sunshine, you will always be my special lover, and I will cherish and adore you with every breath in me.
I’m blessed to have an amazing and beautiful person like you.
I love you beyond words.
You may not be best at expressing yourself when it comes to love, but that doesn’t mean you can’t convey your feelings to your beloved. What you cannot say in person, your letters can do that for you. The famous and the wise people around the world have believed in the power of love letters and the miracles they can do to a relationship. These letters of affection and mutual admiration have seen many a love-stricken soul finding happiness.
When I saw you for the first time, I knew I had found someone wonderful. And ever since then, all I have wanted is to be with you. Seeing you happy brightens my day and makes me think I am doing the right things.
You have the most loving and forgiving heart I have ever known and I can assure you that you will remain the centre of attention for me. I will do everything in my capacity to keep you happy. Ours will be an everlasting friendship because two inseparable souls cannot live in isolation. The day I discover you in arms, that will be the happiest day of my life.
My love, we must not lose hope, for if hope is lost, then I fear we too will be lost forever. If your father the Duke has forbidden you to see me publicly, then let us meet under starlight at the windmill upon the mountain. There, late at night, the wood owls make their gothic music.
We shall talk together, embrace one another, and at least have two hours each night before the early dawn light. And I still hope if we wait for a few months longer, his mind might be persuaded to receive a poor man like me into your genteel family.
It's been a while since I saw your pretty smile. I miss the way you would hold me and hug me when those sad times came around; I remember when I looked into your eyes, it was like fireworks in the skies. I'm missing you, so please don't pretend, this can't be the end.
My husband is a liar and a cheat. He has cheated on me from the beginning. When I confront him, he denies everything.
What's worse is everyone knows he cheats on me. It is so humiliating! Also, since he lost his job two years ago he hasn't even looked for a new one. All he does is sit around the living room in his underwear and watch TV while I work to pay the bills. And since our daughter went away to college he doesn't even pretend to like me. He keeps calling me a lesbian. What should I do?
Words cannot begin to express how sorry I feel today. Believe me when I say that I never meant for any of the things that hurt you so much to happen. You have always been the one who has seen though all the facades that I put to shield myself from pain, and I cherish you in each and every way. So, when I tell you today that I made a big mistake, please forgive me for you matter to me more than you can ever know.
Many people might feel silly or uncomfortable expressing their physical feelings. Using just the right words here can make all the difference in the world between a dirty-sounding letter and a sensual, elegant masterpiece. Make sure you use your lover’s name often throughout the correspondence—they will want to feel as though it is tailored to them. Use lots of creative adjectives (“feverish,” “insatiable,” “addictive”) to spark their imagination.
A truly sensual love letter is about so much more than physical attraction, even as it takes delight in such things. Mention your feelings throughout the letter either frequently or only a few times, depending on the sentimentality of your lover. These emotional elements will ground both of you in the real significance of your relationship, and will serve to make the physical temptations all the more delightful.
Sensuality is all in the details. Bring up the traits or qualities of your lover—mention a physical quirk of theirs that fascinates you, or how they do a certain activity in a special way. Paint a picture with your words of how beautiful it looks whenever you see it, and how it makes you feel. Showing that you’ve noticed something so small and personal about them will definitely flatter them.
Of course, moderation is best in all things. The same element of your love letter that is pleasing and titillating the first time might not be so special if you repeat it over and over. Don’t layer on too many gushy words. Finding the crucial balance between the elements of sentiment, emotion, and sensuality is what will make your letter irresistible. Read over a draft of your letter and try to see if it is more heavily weighted in some areas than in others.
Once you’ve finished the letter, you only have to deliver it. You can certainly email it or use the post office, of course, but the most romantic thing of all would be to leave it somewhere where your lover will find it. If you and your lover live in the same house, leave the letter in a personal location such as on their pillow or rolled up in their coffee mug. If not, try and find an opportunity to slip it into their bag or purse when they aren’t looking. Chances are that they’ll be thrilled at the discovery!
When I saw you for the first time, I knew I had found someone wonderful. And ever since then, all I have wanted is to be with you. Seeing you happy brightens my day and makes me think I am doing the right things.
You have the most loving and forgiving heart I have ever known and I can assure you that you will remain the centre of attention for me. I will do everything in my capacity to keep you happy. Ours will be an everlasting friendship because two inseparable souls cannot live in isolation. The day I discover you in arms, that will be the happiest day of my life.
My love, we must not lose hope, for if hope is lost, then I fear we too will be lost forever. If your father the Duke has forbidden you to see me publicly, then let us meet under starlight at the windmill upon the mountain. There, late at night, the wood owls make their gothic music.
We shall talk together, embrace one another, and at least have two hours each night before the early dawn light. And I still hope if we wait for a few months longer, his mind might be persuaded to receive a poor man like me into your genteel family.
How can we let our love be sacrificed to the will of such an unkind man? I know I cannot, and I hope that you cannot, for if you leave me, I shall never recover.
It's been a while since I saw your pretty smile. I miss the way you would hold me and hug me when those sad times came around; I remember when I looked into your eyes, it was like fireworks in the skies. I'm missing you, so please don't pretend, this can't be the end.
There have been times when my emotions got the better of me and I have managed to make mistakes that I truly regret and wish that they should have never happened. I cannot begin to express how guilty I feel and I wish I could take back all the pain and grief that I caused you. If there is any way that I can make it up to you believe me, I will do anything to rectify the wrongs all I need is a second chance to make it all okay.
There has never been a question or a doubt about how much I love you and how much you mean to me. However, I know that what happened in the past few days makes you think otherwise. I have tried to talk you out of all the thoughts that have been worrying you and I can only assure that I love you and only you with all my heart. People make mistakes sometimes and I promise you that I will not let you down ever again. Please give me a second chance to make it all alright, for I love you and cannot live without you.
There are not enough words to begin to tell you how deeply sorry I am. In a moment of stupidity I hurt you unknowingly and now I know that I have made one of the gravest mistakes of my life. There is no one else in the world who means to me more than you do, and it hurts me more to thing that I have caused you pain. I will do anything in this world to make it all okay, all I need from you is your faith and trust and I assure you that I will bring back all the joys that life has to offer once again.
Many people might feel silly or uncomfortable expressing their physical feelings. Using just the right words here can make all the difference in the world between a dirty-sounding letter and a sensual, elegant masterpiece. Make sure you use your lover’s name often throughout the correspondence—they will want to feel as though it is tailored to them. Use lots of creative adjectives (“feverish,” “insatiable,” “addictive”) to spark their imagination.
A truly sensual love letter is about so much more than physical attraction, even as it takes delight in such things. Mention your feelings throughout the letter either frequently or only a few times, depending on the sentimentality of your lover. These emotional elements will ground both of you in the real significance of your relationship, and will serve to make the physical temptations all the more delightful.
Sensuality is all in the details. Bring up the traits or qualities of your lover—mention a physical quirk of theirs that fascinates you, or how they do a certain activity in a special way. Paint a picture with your words of how beautiful it looks whenever you see it, and how it makes you feel. Showing that you’ve noticed something so small and personal about them will definitely flatter them.
If you are wondering how much I love you, wonder no more. You are the sun in my sky, the river that runs through my soul, and the very air I breathe. Before I met you, I didn't believe it was possible to love someone so deeply and completely, but you have given me faith that true love really does exist because I share it with you.
If you wonder just how much I love you, wonder no more. You are the the very air I breathe and a bright sun in my sky. Before I met you, I didn't believe it was possible to love someone so deeply and completely, but you have given me faith that true love really does exist because I share it with you.
When I first met you, I was unsure about how things would turn out for us. Looking at things now, I can be glad to say that it was one of the best decisions of my life to have chosen you, for you bring so much joy into my life. I know now that I would never want to part ways with you or ever let you go, you are the one who makes my heart so glad. I love you, always have and always will and I know that I am yours forever to keep.
You are the one who has always picked me up when I was suffering from anxiety. I know I tend to doubt myself a lot, but you have always have had your faith in me. I have never asked you for much, for you always have taken care of me and given me all that I could possibly ask. When I write to you today, I want to ask you for something, I want you to love me and never let me go. You are the answer to all my prayers and I know that I am luckier because I have you in my life.
There are a million ways to tell you that I love you, but it would never suffice for, a love like ours cannot be expressed so easily. I love the way you have integrated yourself so effortlessly in my life, it is no longer I or me, I know now that it will forever be "we". I have changed and you have changed me for the better, I cannot imagine a better way to have spent my days than with you. You are the reason for all that is well with me.
You are the one who has given meaning to my life and I am very glad that our relationship has gone through a paradise visit from when it started. The stars are waiting to come out at night to remind us about the sparkling moments of our life. May our love be a remarkable one which reach the moon and stars and bring a new meaning to life.
When I saw you for the first time, I knew I had found someone wonderful. And ever since then, all I have wanted is to be with you. Seeing you happy brightens my day and makes me think I am doing the right things.
You have the most loving and forgiving heart I have ever known and I can assure you that you will remain the centre of attention for me. I will do everything in my capacity to keep you happy. Ours will be an everlasting friendship because two inseparable souls cannot live in isolation. The day I discover you in arms, that will be the happiest day of my life.
My love, we must not lose hope, for if hope is lost, then I fear we too will be lost forever. If your father the Duke has forbidden you to see me publicly, then let us meet under starlight at the windmill upon the mountain. There, late at night, the wood owls make their gothic music.
We shall talk together, embrace one another, and at least have two hours each night before the early dawn light. And I still hope if we wait for a few months longer, his mind might be persuaded to receive a poor man like me into your genteel family.
How can we let our love be sacrificed to the will of such an unkind man? I know I cannot, and I hope that you cannot, for if you leave me, I shall never recover.
It's been a while since I saw your pretty smile. I miss the way you would hold me and hug me when those sad times came around; I remember when I looked into your eyes, it was like fireworks in the skies. I'm missing you, so please don't pretend, this can't be the end.
Words cannot begin to express how sorry I feel today. Believe me when I say that I never meant for any of the things that hurt you so much to happen. You have always been the one who has seen though all the facades that I put to shield myself from pain, and I cherish you in each and every way. So, when I tell you today that I made a big mistake, please forgive me for you matter to me more than you can ever know.
Always know that I love you. I miss you every day. Although we remain friends and see each other, all the time we are distant. We both know what unseen feelings are beneath smiles and being cordial. I catch you staring at me. Why do we deny each other? I watch your mouth move, words just words. I fight the feeling of kissing your mouth for such a long time that the words stop and there is just us left without the veil of denial. There will always be love here for you. Choose to try again and it will be yours forever...
Lover you held me close, you touched my skin, you brought more joy than you'll ever know. My soul was breach everyday by your love. The sound of your voice made my heart swing on the stars. Your eyes were truly the window to my soul's contentment, evolving every way possible. The life I had with you was golden and no man can ever take away the love you and I shared. Giving is a selfless act, one that doesn't happen often, but you made it a thing of beauty as well as regularity. A sensuous kiss to a passing glance, the mood was always perfect because you made me feel loved. You made me laugh in a way that only babies can laugh and feel pure. Those were the happiest times of my life because of you.
I know I do not often say that I love you. I know I should say those words more often, so I am glad that I get this chance to send my love to you on Valentine's Day. You once told me that flowers are great but you would rather hear me tell you how I feel. 
My life will never be the same as it was before I met you, because I am better now, because of you.  You have been my backbone during the hardest times of my life, and I am ready to be yours, whenever you need me.  I cannot wait to see where our journey takes us, and I really hope we get to experience it together.
Thank you for being you.  You have made me feel as happy as I have ever been.  Sure, there have been the occasional moments of tears and wanting to strangle you, and I know the feeling is mutual, but there is no such thing as a relationship without its share of struggles
Thank you for being you.  You have made me feel as happy as I have ever been.  Sure, there have been the occasional moments of tears and wanting to strangle you, and I know the feeling is mutual, but there is no such thing as a relationship without its share of struggles.  One of my favorite things about our relationship is the ability to push all the bad feelings away, work through a problem, and come out on the other side, loving each other more than we did before the fight began.  Thank you for being so level headed, loving, and understanding, even when you really, really don’t want to.  Your compassion for people amazes me every single day.  You are brilliant in every way, and I am so lucky to have you.
When I look at you today, I realize my love for you grows deeper, richer, and more satisfying as time goes by. Whenever something good happens, you're the first person I want to tell. When something bad happens, I know that I can count on you to take me in your arms and tell me everything will be alright.
I'm the luckiest woman in the world because I can truly say that I'm in love with my best friend. There's not another man in the world that can hold a candle to you, my darling, and I just wanted let you know that I love you more than even the most heartfelt words can express.
Today is your birthday, and I just wanted to take a moment to tell you how much I love you. Just being with you has made all my dreams come true, and I want to do everything I can to make you feel that way too. You deserve to be treasured for being the sweetest, kindest, most thoughtful boyfriend any girl could ask for and believe me, I do treasure you. I hope we will celebrate your birthday together each year for the rest of our lives.
I realize that I overreacted last night, and I just wanted to tell you how sorry I am. The truth is, I can't picture my life without you. When you walk into the room, my heart beats a little faster. When I hear your voice, I melt a little inside. And when I see your sweet face, I know that you are my one true love. When you take me in your arms, it feels like coming home to the only place I belong. Please forgive me and let me make it up to you tonight.
If you wonder just how much I love you, wonder no more. You are the sun in my sky, the river that runs through my soul, and the very air I breathe. Before I met you, I didn't believe it was possible to love someone so deeply and completely, but you have given me faith that true love really does exist because I share it with you.
You were already on my mind when I woke up this morning. Funny how I just can't stop thinking about you. Six months ago we hadn't even met, and now you are the most important person in my life. So, I just wanted to say I love you, and I can't wait to see you again.
You always ask me why I love you, so I decided to write it all down so you can keep it and read it whenever you feel the need.
I love the way you look. You're so handsome, but you don't seem to realize how good looking you are. I see the way other people look at you, and I know they envy me for being with you. I'd love you even if you weren't so darn handsome, but I'm glad you are.
I love your generous soul. Whenever someone's in need, you're the first person to lend a hand. Some people might think you're a little too generous and easily taken advantage of, but I know better. You just can't resist helping because you understand how easily you could find yourself in the same situation.
I love the way you kiss me. Your lips perfectly fit with mine. I love those quick kisses you shower me with throughout the day, and I love your deep, lingering kisses even more. They make my toes curl, and I shiver with delight.
Most importantly, I love the way you complete me. You are my the soul mate I thought I'd never find. You cheer me up when I'm down and help me find balance when my world is out of control. You make me want to do the same for you.
I hope this letter finds you safe and sound. I know you've only been deployed for a few weeks, but it already feels like an eternity. I miss the sound of your voice and being able to look at you and share a smile. I still haven't washed the shirt you left at my place because it smells like you. I like to put it on and imagine your arms are wrapped around me. You're the first thing I think of when I wake in the morning, the last thing I think of each night, and you're always in my dreams.
Even though I worry, I hope you know how proud I am of you and the sacrifice you're making for our country. You're the strongest, bravest person I know, and those are just a few reasons why I love you. I'll tell you the rest when you come home. Until then, stay safe my love.
I always dreamed of having a boyfriend, and I used to ponder what he'd be like. I imagined he'd be handsome and funny, and he'd be a great person too. Now you're here, and all my dreams have become a reality. It's so wonderful to have someone special to share everything with. You laugh at my dorky jokes, and we love listening to the same music. I feel like I can tell you anything, and you understand exactly where I'm coming from. I've never been so happy, and it's all because of you. I hope you feel the same, and I promise I'll try to be the best girlfriend you'll ever have.
I can remember the day we met like it was yesterday. We were at that party. I was having a drink and talking with a few friends when I randomly looked around the room. My eyes stopped on you, and my heart felt a rush. You happened to look over at the same moment and smiled at me. The minute I saw your smile, I knew I had to get to know you.
I went back to talking to my friends and trying not to let my excitement show, but my heart was beating so hard I found it difficult to hear the conversation. One of my friends asked me if I was all right because my face looked flushed. I turned my head, so you couldn't read my lips, and I told her, "I think I just fell in love with that gorgeous redhead over by the window." Of course, she had to take a look, and I grabbed her by the hand and dragged her to the kitchen with me because it was so obvious I was talking about you.
You walked into the kitchen a couple minutes later to add some ice to your glass, and there I was, wishing I could think of something witty to say. When it became obvious I was completely at a loss for words, you broke the ice by saying hi and flashing another one of those brilliant smiles. I managed to say hi back to you, and that was the beginning of a lovely conversation that has been going on for a little over a year now. To think, it all started with your smile.
I want to be with you always and forever. Nothing in this world can replace you in my heart. I love you today, every day and forever!
If there’s one thing in this world I’m afraid to lose, it’s you. I am so in love with you that I can’t afford to lose you!
You turned my life into a journey of love and happiness. Every second I spend with you; I fall in love even more with you!
If you ask me when I want to be with you, my answer will be – now and forever.
No matter what has happened. No matter what you’ve done. No matter what you will do. I will always love you.
I want you in my life for today, tomorrow and forever.
You don’t know how blessed I am to have you in life. You have given a new meaning to my life. Love you.
I wish to be everything that brings a smile on your face and happiness to your heart. I want to love you like no else ever did!
Every time you look into my eyes, you melt my heart and make me fall in love all over again. I love being loved by you.
You are the reason for my smile and my happiness. I love you!
I wrote your name in the sky, but the wind blew it away. I wrote your name in the sand, but the waves washed it away. I wrote your name in my heart, and forever it will stay.
Every day, I thank God for sending an angel like you into my life. You are one of a kind. I love you so much.
If only you could see yourself through my eyes, you would understand how special and lovely you are. Love you, my princess.
You are the brightest star that lights up my life every day.
I have fallen in love so many times in life. But every time, it was with you!
“For you, I may be just one person, but for me, you are the world.”
“My life is full of daydream. I tried to stop thinking about you, but I failed each time. I need you here my love. I miss you.”
I love you- this is the least I can say. I wish I could do more to actually show what I really feel for you.
“Good morning my love, my angel. Love you with my everything pretty girl.”
They say love can’t be seen; it can only be felt. But they were wrong. I have seen it many times. I have seen true love for me in your eyes. And it’s the most beautiful thing I have ever seen!
I loved you, I love you and I will love you forever.
Your love is everything that keeps me alive and makes me feel complete. I love you!
For everything that you have blessed me with, I can only promise that my life, my love, and my world will always be for you!
Words are not enough to say thanks to you for being with me. You are the kindest soul who makes my life beautiful and loved.
My greatest fantasies are the ones that start with you and end with you. I love you truly madly and deeply!
I am so lost in loving you that I don’t know the right words to express what I feel for you. No word can describe my love for you!
Thank you for being my wife, thanks for giving me many reasons to live my life to the fullest. You are my perfect one.
Waking up next to you every day is nothing but a pure blessing. You have my whole heart, sunshine. Thank you for being my husband.
There are only two times that I want to be with you: Now and Forever!
You are the strongest and kindest soul I have ever met and I am lucky to have you as my companion. You own my heart.
Missing you more than I can express, thinking of you more than you know. Love you!
Nothing more compare the happiness I felt for this moment having someone like you in my life. Love you so much sweetheart!
No distance can weaken our bond. Nothing can erase our memories from our minds. Our hearts will always be tied together with each other.
Since no human can live without air, I can’t live without you. I will love you until the day after forever.
If you ask me to make a last wish, it would be to go on like this, holding your hands in mine, till my last breath.
You are the only reason why I survive; love you!
Sweetheart, I wish I could make you as happy as you make me. Love you.
I dream of a world where you and I would live for a thousand years to love each other. I know I’ll never be tired of loving you.
Loving you is the only thing that makes my life worth living.
Your love is truly a wonderful gift for me. I can never think of anyone else who could love me so deeply!
Life without you is impossible. Life after you is unimaginable. Even after death, I want our souls to be reunited!
My love for you is deeper than the ocean and wider than the sky. Nobody can measure it, but you know how much I love you.
Thank you for coming into my life. I love you, darling.
You are just so beautiful, both inside and outside. I must be so lucky that I could find you in this big world and make you mine.
When we’re together, an hour would feel like a minute. But when we are apart, a minute will feel like an hour!
I am lucky enough to get a person like you in my life who gives me a thousand reasons to smile every day. You are so precious, my handsome.
Your heart is so full of love, and I’m lucky enough to find a place in there. Love you, honey.
If you were a book, I would read you over and over again. That is how much I love you my prettiness.
You are the kindest soul who makes my life beautiful and loved.
It takes great luck to have someone like you as a boyfriend. I feel blessed every day and every moment for this gift. I will love you till my last breath, no matter what life brings before us!
Such an amazing wife like you doesn’t come from this earth; they come straight from heaven. You are the most perfect wife ever!
My love for you is always growing stronger, and I’m slowly losing myself deeper into it.
The beauty in your eyes and the innocence in your face drives me crazy all the time. I want you in my life for today, tomorrow and forever.
You make me feel alive every moment. You are the reason behind every joy and every smile of my life. I love you so deeply!
My love for you is deeper than the ocean. You can see it if you look right into my eyes. You’ll know how madly I’m in love with you!
You gave me a reason to live, dream, and fight. You make my days worth living. Thank you for being the only person who understands me!
I don’t want the world, I don’t want the skies, I don’t want the moon, I just want you in my share. Love you a lot my love
I can’t stop loving you because it’s the only thing I’m good at and the only reason I was sent here on earth. I love you!
Your childish giggles melt my heart every time I hear them. Keep laughing like this always. I love you.
The gleam of your eyes is what I fell for. I will never let tears come to those beautiful eyes. I promise to keep you happy, always.
Your presence in my life is a blessing of a lifetime. You’re the gift that I never dared to ask for. The love you have given me is more than I could ever imagine.
Sometimes it feels like I’m having a dream, but then I realize it’s all real and I’m one lucky fellow in this beautiful world. Thank you for being mine!
I thank god every day because he answered my prayer and gave me the most gorgeous woman in the world. I can’t help myself from falling in love with you every day!
You are the most beautiful woman I have ever known. You grew a flower in my heart, which I call love. I love you more than anything else in life!
Every time I close my eyes, I dream about us being happy and merry together in our dream house. Stay with me forever, Love.
Your smile is the reward I want to get every day. It is the only thing that keeps me breathing beautifully.
I feel fortunate to have you in my life as you light it up with your glow. I value your presence more than anything else; I love you.
By holding your hands tightly, I get the strength of conquering all my life problems. Stay with me always.
I promise you that I will protect you from all the negativity of this world. You only promise to stay with me always. I love you.
It doesn’t matter where you are; I can always hear your heartbeat when I lay down and see your face when I close my eyes. I love you, sweetheart!
People with truth in their heart and passion in their eyes are hard to come by. I was lucky that I found you. I love you so much, my dear!
You have everything in you to be loved, to be adored and to be pampered. I’ll always give my best to make you feel special. I love you!
You are the perfect match for me and I know it from the first time I saw your beautiful face. Love you with my everything pretty girl.
My sweet prince, I loved you once, love you still, always have, and always will.
Meeting you was the best thing that has ever happened to me. I feel lucky to have you. I love you, Babe.
Your love pierced my heart like a sword, and it’s for you to heal me now. Don’t ever leave me because I’m nothing without you!
I was crawling in darkness before you showed up. You took my soul away from its hiding place. I love you darling!
You know every trick to make my heart melt like April snow. I am so lucky that you’re in my life. The love I have for you will never fade!
You carry my heart with you. As long as you’re with me, I have nothing to fear because I know my heart is safe with you.
I don’t want to live without you even a single day. You’re the best thing that ever happened to me and I’ll cherish you in my heart forever!
You give me a reason to wake up every day, a dream to fight for, a life to worth live off. I love you my young man.
Nothing is more important than your weird laugh and silly jokes. Yes, I love everything about you my man.
You promised to protect me from every negativity of this world. I promise you to protect your heart from every sorrow from now on. We are perfect together.
You have truth in your heart and passion in your eyes; things about you that make me love you even more.
My heart sealed your place in it right at the moment I met you. This place will always remain constant and intact. I love you so much!
I always pray to the lord to never get separated from you no matter how many arguments we have. I want our togetherness to last forever.
The mischievous smile you give whenever I get pissed off at you does not let me stay angry for long. I love you more than anything.
The word ‘fortunate’ made sense to me only after you came into my life. Be with me always handsome.
My love for you is never-ending, and no matter how hard life becomes, I will always be there for you like you have been for me. I love you, darling.
I have a special chamber inside my heart. Nothing can occupy this but you. Sending you a box full of love, my sweetheart!
You can finish counting the stars in the sky, but you can never finish counting the love I have for you. Because my heart is filled with infinite love for you!
I don’t care about anything and anyone else, as long as you love me. I can ignore the rest of the world if you’re with me. I love you so much.
You are the queen of my heart. My heart finds pleasure in following your commands at any time and every time. You are the one I love!
No matter how many times I see you, your beauty makes my knees go weak and my stomach growl in nervousness! I love you!
Darling, my day goes well if I get just a small peak of your face or hear that sweet voice of yours! You are truly my lucky charm!
I live every day hoping to wake up someday with you beside me. Nothing can make me happier than a day that starts with you and ends with you!
I need an entire lifetime to appreciate God for bringing you into my life. All I want now is to dedicate this life in loving you!
I don’t know if you feel the same, but I do feel the love in the air. In fact, I feel it everywhere I go and in everything I do. I’m surely in love with you!
Spending time with you heals my mental health. You can heal me like nothing else, glad that I have you in my life. Thank you, babe. I love you so much.
Thousand reasons are not enough to make me feel loved and special. Only your touch and smile can do it in a blink. Love you forever.
Nothing in this world can replace your place in my heart because you own it.
My love for you will never fade away as I have built a home for you in my heart with great care and loveable memories.
My heart was filled with sorrow and hard feelings, but you came and filled it with love and happiness. I can never be grateful enough to you for loving me like that.
I love how you put a smile on my face every time! I love you today and will love you till kingdom come. Thank you for everything, my love.
Every day of ours feels just like the very first day because I cannot help falling in love with you over and over again. I love you!
My dear, you make me feel safe around you and bring out all the goodness in me. I think we are truly meant for each other!
Every time I think of you, half my worries are gone. You make everything around you so positive and energetic. I love you so much.
There are no words I could use to describe the love we share. I’m so incredibly thankful for you.
You’re the center of my fantasy because I love you way more than the sun than brighten my day and the moon that keeps the night awake.
I know we will always be together because you know all the tricks to melt my heart like April snow. You are my favorite magician in the whole world.
May God never separate us despite all the silly arguments we have. I cannot tolerate the distance between you and me ever.
Love has the power to transform the hardest of hearts; it has the power to heal and the power to comfort and redeem. I know this because I’ve seen what your love does to me.
I’ve seen the truest and purest form of love in you. I don’t need anything else in life as long as I have your love. Thank you for loving me so sincerely and genuinely!
If there’s anything in life I wouldn’t want to change, it is the chance of meeting you and falling in love with you.
I do not fear sorrows anymore because I know your love will instantly heal my heart. I am lucky for having you.
When I was crawling in the dark, hiding all my feelings and insecurities, you came like a knight in the shining armor and saved me. Love you for everything.
I cannot be more blessed for having you in my life. Only I know how you have saved me from the darkness. Will cherish you in my heart forever and always.
I will forever be thankful to God for gifting me to you. You are not just my husband/ lover; you are my best friend. I know I can always count on you. I love you so much.
I have never believed in love at first sight. Love surely takes time to develop. And I’m glad that I chose to let my love for you grow each day. It’s worth the wait. I love you.
Thank you for being the most wonderful friend and companion and making my day beautiful, every day!
I love you more than the stars in the night; even every day we fight, my love will never change, even slightly. I just love you; I simply do.
Each time I make a wish, I wish for us to be together forever. I know it will come true because you already live in my heart. I love you.
You always give me a million little reasons to smile. I have never had anyone in my life who was so amazing as you. I love you!
When I look into your eyes, I see a world full of love and affection. I want to be lost in your eyes and find myself again in a new world. I love you!
When I look into eyes, I get lost into the vastness of an ocean full of love. I feel lucky because you’re in my life. I love you!
Someday, I might write a poem to describe your beauty or a song to express my affection for you. But right now, I’m just lost in your love!
Loving you is the only thing that makes my life worth living. I enjoy every moment I spend in loving you. You are my sunshine in life!
I have loved you more times than I have loved myself. You are the reason why I’m happy and hopeful always. I love you so much!
You have an aura around you and whenever you come near me, I feel lucky to be engulfed in your aura of happiness.
I might live without you but that life would be meaningless. Never ever want to lose you because I am passionately in love with your soul.
Love takes time to develop but my love for you grows exponentially every day. I love you my admiring partner.
When I’m with you, all I do is pray to God that he stops the time from flowing. All I want in life is to spend forever with you. I love you dear!
If you ask me why do I love you so much, I’d say because I see a piece of myself in you and because you let me be myself when I’m with you.
You took control of my heart from the moment I met you. Now the owner of my heart is you. Take care of it and give it what it wants. I love you!
I lived a black and white life until I met you. You brought colors into it and now I see rainbows everywhere. I love you!
Look at the computer keyboard, U and I were placed side by side. That’s how the alphabets should be arranged because my love will never cease to exist as long as it’s you and me.
Each time I look at you, I just smile to myself and think, ‘I certainly could not have done better’. You are perfect the way you are. I love you honey.
Now that you have stolen my heart from me, I hope you’ve already found out that there is only love for you in it and nothing else.
No words can describe what you mean to me. You are the sunshine of my life. You light up every I walk on and give me courage. I love you so much.
I have seen something completely different in you, that is the ability to love people unconditionally. To me, you are like a sunflower in the dust. I love you!
I know I do many stupid things, and I am not good enough for you but thank you for always being next to me.
You are perfect, but it is your imperfections which make me love you more and more every day.
You are not only my lover. You are my doctor of mental health. Your love is the best medicine that keeps me going on, and I cannot love you enough for that.
The love you have in your heart for me is the truest and purest form of affection, and I seek madly for it.
The way you love me, I hope I can return it to your heart in the same way. Stay with me always, dear.
A sky full of stars is not even comparable with my love for you. My love, my feelings for you is immeasurable. You are my sweetheart.
You are the most beautiful addition to my life’s journey, and I could not want more. I love you to the moon and back.
My life is incomplete without your love. My soul is incomplete without your companionship. Don’t leave me till my last breath. Love you so much.
Without you, my life is like an earth without sunshine. It is gloomy and monotonous. You are the color that brings happiness in my journey of life.
My heart belongs to you and it doesn’t want anything but you. You are the reason for my smile and my happiness. I love you!
My world was so empty and dark that it all seemed so meaningless to me. But when I met you, suddenly it felt like the sky over me has lightened up by a thousand stars. I love you!
I was dreaming of an angel to come into my life and shower it with unlimited love. Then I woke up and saw you. I realized reality is more beautiful than my dream was. I am lucky to have you!
Saying ‘I love you’ every day is not enough, and it is such an understatement. You are my soulmate, and I cannot live without you.
I fall in love with you every time I see you. You have that magic. Keep my heart safe in your magic box my prettiness.
I’m dedicating all the love songs in this world for you because you are worthy of all those lovely lyrics. Love you, beautiful.
If I were given all the time to live from the big bang to the big crunch, I would spend the entire time in loving you.
It’s hard to find someone willing to stay with you in every up and down of your life. I feel blessed to have you in my life because I know no matter what happens, you will never stop loving me!
Love can never be measured. It can only be felt. You have painted my life with the colors of heaven. I don’t want anything else as long as your love is with me!
Even if the stars fail to shine and the moon refuses to light up the world, I know I have nothing to fear. I have my guardian angel to look after me, care for me and love me forever and always. I love you!
I look forward to each new day with a desire to spend my entire life with you. My love for you is always growing stronger and I’m slowly losing myself deeper into it.
Since you have entered into my life, there have been chapters before you and will never be any chapter after you. It’s only about you and all about you!
I hope you know that wherever I go or whatever I do, I have you always on my mind. Thank you for happening to me, love.
You are the wish that comes true when we see a falling star. You are my destiny. I love you my girl.
My love, with you in my life, every day feels like a holiday! So I cannot wait to marry you and have an eternal happy vacation!
Life has thrown many lemons at me, but life has also gifted me with your presence. And I am forever grateful for that. You are my everything!
Whenever I go far away from you, I start to feel a little homesick. Because even when we are apart, i keep searching for you. I love you!
Baby, we may not be attached with the red string of fate, but I do not doubt that you are my soulmate forever.
Sweetheart, you know why I don’t like romantic movies? It’s because you and I make the greatest love story ever and no one can even come close!
I don’t need a picture of you in my wallet as I have you in my heart. I love you so much, sweetheart. You make me a better person.
When you came into my life, you brightened up my whole world. Thank you for having it a proper meaning; I love you.
I love you the way cloud loves the sky; I love you the way birds love to fly, I love you the way waves love the sea, I love you the way honey is loved by the bee.
I love how even being with you all day long doesn’t get boring. I guess that’s what love does! So, glad that I have you in my life, sugar.
Want to be with you during both happy and sad times. Because without happiness, sorrow is worthless, and happiness can’t be enjoyed to the fullest without sorrow.
The more I spend time with you, the more I fall in love with you every day. You have a very gentle and beautiful heart that I promise to take care of all my life. I love you!
You fill my heart with countless joy every time you smile. It’s a privilege for anyone to be able to love you! I feel lucky every moment!
I was lost and hopeless. But I kept praying for a savior to come into my life. God accepted my prayer and sent you. Now I owe you my life for eternity. Loving you madly is the only thing I can do perfectly!
Thanks for being there for me always. I have never known anyone who could love with such intensity. For me, you are the best lover in this world. I can’t help loving you deeply.
My life was empty and my heart grew cold. Then you came into my life, made my heart warm with your love and my life filled with happiness. I love that!
If only you knew how fast my heart beats whenever I see you. Be with me always and forever. Love you handsome.
I feel beautiful and special whenever I am with you. I cannot let go of you ever. Love you so much.
Your eyes are the best mirror where I can see my soul set on fire by your love. Love me like this always sweetheart!
Your love for me is one of a kind. No one in this world can or will love me as you do. You are the brightest star that lights up my life every day.
I love how you make me fall in love with not only you but also with everything, newly. You are my precious sweetheart. I love you so much.
In case you don’t know, you are my no. 1! Thank you for sticking by through thick and thin. I love you to the moon and back. Boyfriend.
My love for you is immeasurable and it’s growing every day. With your love in my heart, I am making the impossible possible.
Dear boyfriend, I cannot wait to marry you one day and live happily ever after. Thank you for making me believe that it isn’t unreal. I love you.
I’m grateful for all the lovely moments and sweet texts. You are my favorite human being. I love you more than yesterday, less than tomorrow.
Thank you for experiencing me this magical kind of love; I cannot think of my future with anyone other than you! I love you so much.
You know, you’ve been living in my heart for way too long. It’s time to start paying rent.
You are my Hercules. I hope the flames of our love lasts for eternity.
I want to hold your hand under the moonlight as you lovingly place a cherry blossom on my hair.
Be the candle that gives light, not the candle that is melted by its own bright. I love you.
Good and bad both are crucial in human life. So, I love you like the way you are mingled with both.
I started believing in fairy tales after marrying you. I have realized that you are my happily ever after.
My dear wife, you are the prettier than the prettiest flowers to me. Every day, I fall in love with that gorgeous face and that golden heart you have.
Because you are in my life, everything seems perfect, and nothing is out of balance. I love you for making my life a piece of heaven.
You are my greatest comfort and biggest inspiration. You are the reason why my life is so beautiful, and my dreams are so colorful.
You keep my life on track and everything in balance. You are a perfect woman. To say ‘Love you’ simply is an understatement.
Sweetheart, you’re not my other ‘half’ because you are a complete and beautiful person yourself. Rather, you complimented me in such a way that no one could. I love you!
You know, we are like the two socks of a pair, and like the birds of the same feather. You fulfill my life with your presence, and I am so lucky to have you!
Marrying you was a fairy tale that came true for me. I’m still living in a fantasy, and all credit for that goes to you. I love you!
You are the kind of wife that every man desires for. You are that fairy which comes in a dream and never disappear even when the dream is over.
Some people get sweeter as they grow old, and some love becomes stronger with time. The first one is true for you and the second one is for me!
I love how you keep on taking my breath away every single time. I love you so much, honey. You are the epitome of beauty.
My love for you grow stronger with time, and I will never let go of you. Thank you for marrying me, my beautiful wife.
My life is a dream, and you are the beautiful fairy in it. The best thing is you never disappear even when I wake up. Love you, dearest wifey.
If incarnation is true, I will want you as my wife in every life I get. You are my strength and biggest inspiration.
Darling, when my life was filled with heavy rainfall, you shone brightly like a rainbow in my sky. And I instantly fell in love with all seven colors of yours.
From the very first moment I saw you, I knew that I wouldn’t settle down for any less. You and I may not be flawless, but we are perfect for each other. Love you!
I still skip my heartbeat whenever I look at you. You make me smile a zillionth time over, baby! You surely are the best thing that has ever happened to me.
Your genuine kindness and beautiful soul capture my heart every time, darling. Love you always and forever, my sweetheart.
Dear wife, I hope you know that you are the love of my life. Thank you for saying “Yes,” thank you for everything!
You are perfect even with all of your imperfections. You are amazing, even at the times when you are annoying. I love you for everything!
It is a privilege to wake up beside you every day. It is a dream come true to have you by my side. Love you like nothing matters without you, dear husband.
I find peace when I am with you. I want nothing more than you and nothing less than you!
Every moment with you is a blessing. You are the strongest and kindest soul I have ever met and I am lucky to have you as my companion. You own my heart.
I don’t think I will ever be able to thank God enough for sending you into my life and blessing me. Thank you for being the best! I love you.
Through thick and thin, we have been together. May God bless our bond and keep us safe. I will love you for a thousand years more, husband.
I’m the luckiest woman in this world to have the best man as my partner. Thanks for making my life simply amazing!
I love how you make me want to pause the moment whenever I am with you. You are my precious husband. I want to grow old with you.
You make every morning a little bit brighter and every night a little bit sparkler than it used to be. Thank you for coming into my life. I love you, darling.
Thanks, hubby, You are there when I feel sad, You are there when my mood is bad, You always support me in life, You are the only reason why I survive, Love you!
You have given me all the reasons to love you but I love you for everything you are and everything you are not. I love you today, tomorrow and every day!
You are my strength and my power. You make me full of hope even when there’s no hope left. You are the treasure that I looked for all of my life!
Taking the vow with you was the best decision I have ever made. It is impossible to live without you, my man. Love you to the fullest.
The things you do for our family and me melts my heart and makes me realize how lucky I have you by my side forever. Stay with me always, dear husband.
You captured my soul with your unconditional love for me. I wish to make you feel just as much love as you make me feel always!
In this life, God has blessed me with many things, but the best one is obviously you, my dear husband. I love you till death tear us apart.
I had been dreaming of you, way before I met you, way before you were even born in this world. And I am happy that you are mine now.
If I were a teardrop in your eye, I would roll down onto your lips. But if you were a tear in my eye, I would never cry as I would be afraid to lose you.
If you could see yourself through my eyes, you would know how much I love you. You hold a very special place in my heart! I will love you forever!
You turned all my imperfections into perfection just by the power of your love. I love you for all the great things that you did for me.
I fell in love right at the first moment I saw you. My love for you will never fade away. I love you for everything you are!
There is not a single scale in this world that can measure my love for you. It’s deeper than the ocean and truer than my reality!
Every morning of my life gives me a new reason to love you and to appreciate you for what you’ve given me. You are the one that holds the key to my heart!
I love you for being my truest lover, biggest friend, and most loyal companion. Without you, my life is nothing but an ocean of dust.
No fear can touch me except the fear of losing you. I have never loved anyone this much before. My only hope in life is you. I love you!
As long as you are in my life, I have absolutely no reason to be sad. Only you can give me everything I want in life. I love you for that!
I dream of a world where you and I would live for a thousand years to love each other. I know I’ll never be tired of loving you.
You mean everything to me. Without you, everything is dull and meaningless. I want to be with you for an eternity and more. I love you sweetheart!
I can go at any stretch to defend my love for you. I have only one desire in my heart and that is having you as my lover. I love you!
I will never promise you everything on earth, but I’ll promise you everything my heart brings out because you own my heart.
If there’s one thing in this world I’m afraid to lose, it’s you. I am so in love with you that I can’t afford to lose you!
I promise to be your guardian angel, the one that makes you smile when you’re moody. The one that cares about you than itself. The one that will love you until the end of time. I love you.
I have been blessed by the Almighty with such a precious gem like you. I will never let you go. I love you.
Every moment I spent with you seems to me like treasures. I will preserve you and these treasures lifelong. I will never let you go away from me. I love you.
“There is a madness in loving you, a lack of reason that makes it feel so flawless.”
“If you want to know how much I love and care for you, count the waves.”
My life wouldn’t have been this wonderful with you. I wouldn’t have been this enjoyable without your love. I’m in heaven, having you as my lover.
You came to my life as a blessing. Thank you, darling, for never giving up on me.
“For you see, each day I love you more, today more than yesterday and less than tomorrow.”
Living this life without you will be worthless. I want to stay with you forever and always.
“I love you as one loves certain dark things, secretly, between the shadow and the soul.”
You are my sunshine, sweet blessing and drop of joy. I wouldn’t have been able to do anything without you. I love you.
If there is anything like infinity in the world, I know where it lives. It stays in the form of love in between you and me and keeps traveling across every day!
My love for you is so real that it makes me want to do unreal things like jumping on the clouds and climbing the rainbow. I love you.
“I swear I couldn’t love you more than I do right now, and yet I know I will tomorrow.”
“The water shines only by the sun. And it is you who are my sun.”
“I love you more than there are stars in the sky and fish in the sea.”
If you are a prize, I’ll do anything to take you home. If you are Medal, I’ll work hard to earn you. If you are a flower, I’ll be watering you to grow beautifully.
If you listen to my breaths closely, you will hear the words I Love You coming out with every single one. I am literally living with you, and only you. I love you.
Ours is the most beautiful love story that ever happened on this earth. For me, you are a priceless gem that I don’t want to lose ever. Your love makes my life worth living every day. Thank you for being the nicest person that I ever met!
A girl like you deserves all the happiness in the world. You are so precious to me, and I’ll protect you from every harm. Every time I see the smile on your face, it feels like heaven to me. You are the most beautiful part of my life, and I’ll keep you happy always, I promise.
The only desire of my heart is to be with you every moment of my life. Your love draws me closer to you like a magnet. For me, you’re the only person with whom I can be myself without all the worries of being judged.
I’ll always find my way back to you no matter where life takes us. You are my perfect soulmate and the only person who knows me better than anyone. I am grateful for every single happy moment I have spent with you! You’re my only reason to smile.
You’re the best thing that life has given me so far and I know nothing can take your place in my heart. The love I have for you is pure and eternal!
You bring so much joy into my life that it is very hard for me even to imagine a life without you. It feels like I have been living my life in a paradise since I met you. Every time I think of you, my heart rejoices.
We live in two different bodies but share the same soul. We talk in one single language called love, and the only thing we are good at is caring for each other. Thank you for becoming the most important person in my life!
Our bond was decided in heaven long before we met each other. I can never think of a world without you. You are the sunshine of my life. I feel blessed every day for having such a beautiful soulmate like you!
A day without the picture of your face is like a year in military detention. 24 hours without the sound of your voice is frustrating because my heart beats all abnormally every second. I miss you.
Your love brings out the best in me. You give me the better I used to pray for. Thank you for loving me with your heart. I will love you not like anybody, but as nobody has ever loved you.
Your love is all that makes me a happy person in this unhappy world.
Because of you, my life is full of fun, and there is no shortage of love!
I’m in love with you, and I’m the happiest for the rest of my life.
My life has never been this much better. I wish I had met you sooner.
No matter how dark my days are, your presence lights up my heart every time.
I can’t live without you; you’re the best thing that ever happened to me.
I love you and we meant to be, and being together was written into our destiny.
You make my life a better place and full of great moments. I love you so much!
Your love is like a beautiful island in which I have no problem to be stranded in forever!
In your smile, I see something more beautiful than flowers.
My life is fully recharged with joy and happiness because of you. Never let me go!
I love you more than I can say. You’re my favorite person of all time.
I have never felt someone with all my heart so profoundly than you. You’re undoubtedly the best when it comes to loving me!
Your love is truly a wonderful gift for me. I can never think of anyone else who could love me so deeply!
You’re not perfect, but you’re just so close to it that it makes me feel so lucky all the time!
If I ever found a genie in a bottle, I would spend my three wishes wanting you by my side forever.
You are my greatest possession and I cannot risk losing you for anything. Love you to the fullest.
I fall in love even more with you with every second. Tell me, what magic spell did you cast on me?
I thought that love was overrated until the day I fell in love with you. You changed everything, my world, my life.
I don’t need a thousand reasons to feel special. All I need is you to live in this world. You are the sunshine of my life.
My love for you is nothing to do with me. It’s all about the way you are and the way you bring joy to everyone around you.
The Almighty has chosen you to be my soulmate, as no one else can understand me better than you do. I love you, stay with me always.
You have made me realized that love is the best feeling any human can feel. Thank you for coming into my life. I love you.
I cannot imagine surviving all the hardships of my life without your love and support. Keep holding my hands tightly forever. I love you.
If you ever asked me to pick between you and my dreams, I wouldn’t know what to say because being with you is my only dream. I love you.
You bring smiles to my face and joy to my heart. You make me so happy that you’re the only thing I think of all day long. I love you honey.
The best thing about being in love with you is that I have begun to enjoy every season of life with a lot more zest than I usually do. Such is the magic of your love, sweetheart.
Even a doctor would be baffled at how my heart conveniently decides to beat faster or slower – depending on whether I’m thinking about you or not. xoxo
You evoke happy emotions in me; you surface the most beautiful feelings in me – the ones I have kept hidden for too long.
Believe me when I say your love is more than a word I can spell. It’s so real that I can’t discard it. It’s so precious that everyone wishes for it. It’s so special that I can’t get enough of it.
I want to be with you always and forever. Nothing in this world can replace you in my heart. I love you today, every day and forever!
If there’s one thing in this world I’m afraid to lose, it’s you. I am so in love with you that I can’t afford to lose you!
You turned my life into a journey of love and happiness. Every second I spend with you; I fall in love even more with you!
If you ask me when I want to be with you, my answer will be – now and forever.
No matter what has happened. No matter what you’ve done. No matter what you will do. I will always love you.
I want you in my life for today, tomorrow and forever.
You don’t know how blessed I am to have you in life. You have given a new meaning to my life. Love you.
I wish to be everything that brings a smile on your face and happiness to your heart. I want to love you like no else ever did!
Every time you look into my eyes, you melt my heart and make me fall in love all over again. I love being loved by you.
You are the reason for my smile and my happiness. I love you!
I wrote your name in the sky, but the wind blew it away. I wrote your name in the sand, but the waves washed it away. I wrote your name in my heart, and forever it will stay.
Every day, I thank God for sending an angel like you into my life. You are one of a kind. I love you so much.
If only you could see yourself through my eyes, you would understand how special and lovely you are. Love you, my princess.
You are the brightest star that lights up my life every day.
I have fallen in love so many times in life. But every time, it was with you!
“For you, I may be just one person, but for me, you are the world.”
“My life is full of daydream. I tried to stop thinking about you, but I failed each time. I need you here my love. I miss you.”
I love you- this is the least I can say. I wish I could do more to actually show what I really feel for you.
“Good morning my love, my angel. Love you with my everything pretty girl.”
They say love can’t be seen; it can only be felt. But they were wrong. I have seen it many times. I have seen true love for me in your eyes. And it’s the most beautiful thing I have ever seen!
I loved you, I love you and I will love you forever.
Your love is everything that keeps me alive and makes me feel complete. I love you!
For everything that you have blessed me with, I can only promise that my life, my love, and my world will always be for you!
Words are not enough to say thanks to you for being with me. You are the kindest soul who makes my life beautiful and loved.
My greatest fantasies are the ones that start with you and end with you. I love you truly madly and deeply!
I am so lost in loving you that I don’t know the right words to express what I feel for you. No word can describe my love for you!
Thank you for being my wife, thanks for giving me many reasons to live my life to the fullest. You are my perfect one.
Waking up next to you every day is nothing but a pure blessing. You have my whole heart, sunshine. Thank you for being my husband.
There are only two times that I want to be with you: Now and Forever!
You are the strongest and kindest soul I have ever met and I am lucky to have you as my companion. You own my heart.
Missing you more than I can express, thinking of you more than you know. Love you!
Nothing more compare the happiness I felt for this moment having someone like you in my life. Love you so much sweetheart!
No distance can weaken our bond. Nothing can erase our memories from our minds. Our hearts will always be tied together with each other.
Since no human can live without air, I can’t live without you. I will love you until the day after forever.
If you ask me to make a last wish, it would be to go on like this, holding your hands in mine, till my last breath.
You are the only reason why I survive; love you!
Sweetheart, I wish I could make you as happy as you make me. Love you.
I dream of a world where you and I would live for a thousand years to love each other. I know I’ll never be tired of loving you.
Loving you is the only thing that makes my life worth living.
Your love is truly a wonderful gift for me. I can never think of anyone else who could love me so deeply!
Life without you is impossible. Life after you is unimaginable. Even after death, I want our souls to be reunited!
My love for you is deeper than the ocean and wider than the sky. Nobody can measure it, but you know how much I love you.
Thank you for coming into my life. I love you, darling.
You are just so beautiful, both inside and outside. I must be so lucky that I could find you in this big world and make you mine.
When we’re together, an hour would feel like a minute. But when we are apart, a minute will feel like an hour!
I am lucky enough to get a person like you in my life who gives me a thousand reasons to smile every day. You are so precious, my handsome.
Your heart is so full of love, and I’m lucky enough to find a place in there. Love you, honey.
If you were a book, I would read you over and over again. That is how much I love you my prettiness.
You are the kindest soul who makes my life beautiful and loved.
It takes great luck to have someone like you as a boyfriend. I feel blessed every day and every moment for this gift. I will love you till my last breath, no matter what life brings before us!
Such an amazing wife like you doesn’t come from this earth; they come straight from heaven. You are the most perfect wife ever!
My love for you is always growing stronger, and I’m slowly losing myself deeper into it.
The beauty in your eyes and the innocence in your face drives me crazy all the time. I want you in my life for today, tomorrow and forever.
You make me feel alive every moment. You are the reason behind every joy and every smile of my life. I love you so deeply!
My love for you is deeper than the ocean. You can see it if you look right into my eyes. You’ll know how madly I’m in love with you!
You gave me a reason to live, dream, and fight. You make my days worth living. Thank you for being the only person who understands me!
I don’t want the world, I don’t want the skies, I don’t want the moon, I just want you in my share. Love you a lot my love
I can’t stop loving you because it’s the only thing I’m good at and the only reason I was sent here on earth. I love you!
Your childish giggles melt my heart every time I hear them. Keep laughing like this always. I love you.
The gleam of your eyes is what I fell for. I will never let tears come to those beautiful eyes. I promise to keep you happy, always.
Your presence in my life is a blessing of a lifetime. You’re the gift that I never dared to ask for. The love you have given me is more than I could ever imagine.
Sometimes it feels like I’m having a dream, but then I realize it’s all real and I’m one lucky fellow in this beautiful world. Thank you for being mine!
I thank god every day because he answered my prayer and gave me the most gorgeous woman in the world. I can’t help myself from falling in love with you every day!
You are the most beautiful woman I have ever known. You grew a flower in my heart, which I call love. I love you more than anything else in life!
Every time I close my eyes, I dream about us being happy and merry together in our dream house. Stay with me forever, Love.
Your smile is the reward I want to get every day. It is the only thing that keeps me breathing beautifully.
I feel fortunate to have you in my life as you light it up with your glow. I value your presence more than anything else; I love you.
By holding your hands tightly, I get the strength of conquering all my life problems. Stay with me always.
I promise you that I will protect you from all the negativity of this world. You only promise to stay with me always. I love you.
It doesn’t matter where you are; I can always hear your heartbeat when I lay down and see your face when I close my eyes. I love you, sweetheart!
People with truth in their heart and passion in their eyes are hard to come by. I was lucky that I found you. I love you so much, my dear!
You have everything in you to be loved, to be adored and to be pampered. I’ll always give my best to make you feel special. I love you!
You are the perfect match for me and I know it from the first time I saw your beautiful face. Love you with my everything pretty girl.
My sweet prince, I loved you once, love you still, always have, and always will.
Meeting you was the best thing that has ever happened to me. I feel lucky to have you. I love you, Babe.
Your love pierced my heart like a sword, and it’s for you to heal me now. Don’t ever leave me because I’m nothing without you!
I was crawling in darkness before you showed up. You took my soul away from its hiding place. I love you darling!
You know every trick to make my heart melt like April snow. I am so lucky that you’re in my life. The love I have for you will never fade!
You carry my heart with you. As long as you’re with me, I have nothing to fear because I know my heart is safe with you.
I don’t want to live without you even a single day. You’re the best thing that ever happened to me and I’ll cherish you in my heart forever!
You give me a reason to wake up every day, a dream to fight for, a life to worth live off. I love you my young man.
Nothing is more important than your weird laugh and silly jokes. Yes, I love everything about you my man.
You promised to protect me from every negativity of this world. I promise you to protect your heart from every sorrow from now on. We are perfect together.
You have truth in your heart and passion in your eyes; things about you that make me love you even more.
My heart sealed your place in it right at the moment I met you. This place will always remain constant and intact. I love you so much!
I always pray to the lord to never get separated from you no matter how many arguments we have. I want our togetherness to last forever.
The mischievous smile you give whenever I get pissed off at you does not let me stay angry for long. I love you more than anything.
The word ‘fortunate’ made sense to me only after you came into my life. Be with me always handsome.
My love for you is never-ending, and no matter how hard life becomes, I will always be there for you like you have been for me. I love you, darling.
I have a special chamber inside my heart. Nothing can occupy this but you. Sending you a box full of love, my sweetheart!
You can finish counting the stars in the sky, but you can never finish counting the love I have for you. Because my heart is filled with infinite love for you!
I don’t care about anything and anyone else, as long as you love me. I can ignore the rest of the world if you’re with me. I love you so much.
You are the queen of my heart. My heart finds pleasure in following your commands at any time and every time. You are the one I love!
No matter how many times I see you, your beauty makes my knees go weak and my stomach growl in nervousness! I love you!
Darling, my day goes well if I get just a small peak of your face or hear that sweet voice of yours! You are truly my lucky charm!
I live every day hoping to wake up someday with you beside me. Nothing can make me happier than a day that starts with you and ends with you!
I need an entire lifetime to appreciate God for bringing you into my life. All I want now is to dedicate this life in loving you!
I don’t know if you feel the same, but I do feel the love in the air. In fact, I feel it everywhere I go and in everything I do. I’m surely in love with you!
Spending time with you heals my mental health. You can heal me like nothing else, glad that I have you in my life. Thank you, babe. I love you so much.
Thousand reasons are not enough to make me feel loved and special. Only your touch and smile can do it in a blink. Love you forever.
Nothing in this world can replace your place in my heart because you own it.
My love for you will never fade away as I have built a home for you in my heart with great care and loveable memories.
My heart was filled with sorrow and hard feelings, but you came and filled it with love and happiness. I can never be grateful enough to you for loving me like that.
I love how you put a smile on my face every time! I love you today and will love you till kingdom come. Thank you for everything, my love.
Every day of ours feels just like the very first day because I cannot help falling in love with you over and over again. I love you!
My dear, you make me feel safe around you and bring out all the goodness in me. I think we are truly meant for each other!
Every time I think of you, half my worries are gone. You make everything around you so positive and energetic. I love you so much.
There are no words I could use to describe the love we share. I’m so incredibly thankful for you.
You’re the center of my fantasy because I love you way more than the sun than brighten my day and the moon that keeps the night awake.
I know we will always be together because you know all the tricks to melt my heart like April snow. You are my favorite magician in the whole world.
May God never separate us despite all the silly arguments we have. I cannot tolerate the distance between you and me ever.
Love has the power to transform the hardest of hearts; it has the power to heal and the power to comfort and redeem. I know this because I’ve seen what your love does to me.
I’ve seen the truest and purest form of love in you. I don’t need anything else in life as long as I have your love. Thank you for loving me so sincerely and genuinely!
If there’s anything in life I wouldn’t want to change, it is the chance of meeting you and falling in love with you.
I do not fear sorrows anymore because I know your love will instantly heal my heart. I am lucky for having you.
When I was crawling in the dark, hiding all my feelings and insecurities, you came like a knight in the shining armor and saved me. Love you for everything.
I cannot be more blessed for having you in my life. Only I know how you have saved me from the darkness. Will cherish you in my heart forever and always.
I will forever be thankful to God for gifting me to you. You are not just my husband/ lover; you are my best friend. I know I can always count on you. I love you so much.
I have never believed in love at first sight. Love surely takes time to develop. And I’m glad that I chose to let my love for you grow each day. It’s worth the wait. I love you.
Thank you for being the most wonderful friend and companion and making my day beautiful, every day!
I love you more than the stars in the night; even every day we fight, my love will never change, even slightly. I just love you; I simply do.
Each time I make a wish, I wish for us to be together forever. I know it will come true because you already live in my heart. I love you.
You always give me a million little reasons to smile. I have never had anyone in my life who was so amazing as you. I love you!
When I look into your eyes, I see a world full of love and affection. I want to be lost in your eyes and find myself again in a new world. I love you!
When I look into eyes, I get lost into the vastness of an ocean full of love. I feel lucky because you’re in my life. I love you!
Someday, I might write a poem to describe your beauty or a song to express my affection for you. But right now, I’m just lost in your love!
Loving you is the only thing that makes my life worth living. I enjoy every moment I spend in loving you. You are my sunshine in life!
I have loved you more times than I have loved myself. You are the reason why I’m happy and hopeful always. I love you so much!
You have an aura around you and whenever you come near me, I feel lucky to be engulfed in your aura of happiness.
I might live without you but that life would be meaningless. Never ever want to lose you because I am passionately in love with your soul.
Love takes time to develop but my love for you grows exponentially every day. I love you my admiring partner.
When I’m with you, all I do is pray to God that he stops the time from flowing. All I want in life is to spend forever with you. I love you dear!
If you ask me why do I love you so much, I’d say because I see a piece of myself in you and because you let me be myself when I’m with you.
You took control of my heart from the moment I met you. Now the owner of my heart is you. Take care of it and give it what it wants. I love you!
I lived a black and white life until I met you. You brought colors into it and now I see rainbows everywhere. I love you!
Look at the computer keyboard, U and I were placed side by side. That’s how the alphabets should be arranged because my love will never cease to exist as long as it’s you and me.
Each time I look at you, I just smile to myself and think, ‘I certainly could not have done better’. You are perfect the way you are. I love you honey.
Now that you have stolen my heart from me, I hope you’ve already found out that there is only love for you in it and nothing else.
No words can describe what you mean to me. You are the sunshine of my life. You light up every I walk on and give me courage. I love you so much.
I have seen something completely different in you, that is the ability to love people unconditionally. To me, you are like a sunflower in the dust. I love you!
I know I do many stupid things, and I am not good enough for you but thank you for always being next to me.
You are perfect, but it is your imperfections which make me love you more and more every day.
You are not only my lover. You are my doctor of mental health. Your love is the best medicine that keeps me going on, and I cannot love you enough for that.
The love you have in your heart for me is the truest and purest form of affection, and I seek madly for it.
The way you love me, I hope I can return it to your heart in the same way. Stay with me always, dear.
A sky full of stars is not even comparable with my love for you. My love, my feelings for you is immeasurable. You are my sweetheart.
You are the most beautiful addition to my life’s journey, and I could not want more. I love you to the moon and back.
My life is incomplete without your love. My soul is incomplete without your companionship. Don’t leave me till my last breath. Love you so much.
Without you, my life is like an earth without sunshine. It is gloomy and monotonous. You are the color that brings happiness in my journey of life.
My heart belongs to you and it doesn’t want anything but you. You are the reason for my smile and my happiness. I love you!
My world was so empty and dark that it all seemed so meaningless to me. But when I met you, suddenly it felt like the sky over me has lightened up by a thousand stars. I love you!
I was dreaming of an angel to come into my life and shower it with unlimited love. Then I woke up and saw you. I realized reality is more beautiful than my dream was. I am lucky to have you!
Saying ‘I love you’ every day is not enough, and it is such an understatement. You are my soulmate, and I cannot live without you.
I fall in love with you every time I see you. You have that magic. Keep my heart safe in your magic box my prettiness.
I’m dedicating all the love songs in this world for you because you are worthy of all those lovely lyrics. Love you, beautiful.
If I were given all the time to live from the big bang to the big crunch, I would spend the entire time in loving you.
It’s hard to find someone willing to stay with you in every up and down of your life. I feel blessed to have you in my life because I know no matter what happens, you will never stop loving me!
Love can never be measured. It can only be felt. You have painted my life with the colors of heaven. I don’t want anything else as long as your love is with me!
Even if the stars fail to shine and the moon refuses to light up the world, I know I have nothing to fear. I have my guardian angel to look after me, care for me and love me forever and always. I love you!
I look forward to each new day with a desire to spend my entire life with you. My love for you is always growing stronger and I’m slowly losing myself deeper into it.
Since you have entered into my life, there have been chapters before you and will never be any chapter after you. It’s only about you and all about you!
I hope you know that wherever I go or whatever I do, I have you always on my mind. Thank you for happening to me, love.
You are the wish that comes true when we see a falling star. You are my destiny. I love you my girl.
My love, with you in my life, every day feels like a holiday! So I cannot wait to marry you and have an eternal happy vacation!
Life has thrown many lemons at me, but life has also gifted me with your presence. And I am forever grateful for that. You are my everything!
Whenever I go far away from you, I start to feel a little homesick. Because even when we are apart, i keep searching for you. I love you!
Baby, we may not be attached with the red string of fate, but I do not doubt that you are my soulmate forever.
Sweetheart, you know why I don’t like romantic movies? It’s because you and I make the greatest love story ever and no one can even come close!
I don’t need a picture of you in my wallet as I have you in my heart. I love you so much, sweetheart. You make me a better person.
When you came into my life, you brightened up my whole world. Thank you for having it a proper meaning; I love you.
I love you the way cloud loves the sky; I love you the way birds love to fly, I love you the way waves love the sea, I love you the way honey is loved by the bee.
I love how even being with you all day long doesn’t get boring. I guess that’s what love does! So, glad that I have you in my life, sugar.
Want to be with you during both happy and sad times. Because without happiness, sorrow is worthless, and happiness can’t be enjoyed to the fullest without sorrow.
The more I spend time with you, the more I fall in love with you every day. You have a very gentle and beautiful heart that I promise to take care of all my life. I love you!
You fill my heart with countless joy every time you smile. It’s a privilege for anyone to be able to love you! I feel lucky every moment!
I was lost and hopeless. But I kept praying for a savior to come into my life. God accepted my prayer and sent you. Now I owe you my life for eternity. Loving you madly is the only thing I can do perfectly!
Thanks for being there for me always. I have never known anyone who could love with such intensity. For me, you are the best lover in this world. I can’t help loving you deeply.
My life was empty and my heart grew cold. Then you came into my life, made my heart warm with your love and my life filled with happiness. I love that!
If only you knew how fast my heart beats whenever I see you. Be with me always and forever. Love you handsome.
I feel beautiful and special whenever I am with you. I cannot let go of you ever. Love you so much.
Your eyes are the best mirror where I can see my soul set on fire by your love. Love me like this always sweetheart!
Your love for me is one of a kind. No one in this world can or will love me as you do. You are the brightest star that lights up my life every day.
I love how you make me fall in love with not only you but also with everything, newly. You are my precious sweetheart. I love you so much.
In case you don’t know, you are my no. 1! Thank you for sticking by through thick and thin. I love you to the moon and back. Boyfriend.
My love for you is immeasurable and it’s growing every day. With your love in my heart, I am making the impossible possible.
Dear boyfriend, I cannot wait to marry you one day and live happily ever after. Thank you for making me believe that it isn’t unreal. I love you.
I’m grateful for all the lovely moments and sweet texts. You are my favorite human being. I love you more than yesterday, less than tomorrow.
Thank you for experiencing me this magical kind of love; I cannot think of my future with anyone other than you! I love you so much.
You know, you’ve been living in my heart for way too long. It’s time to start paying rent.
You are my Hercules. I hope the flames of our love lasts for eternity.
I want to hold your hand under the moonlight as you lovingly place a cherry blossom on my hair.
Be the candle that gives light, not the candle that is melted by its own bright. I love you.
Good and bad both are crucial in human life. So, I love you like the way you are mingled with both.
I started believing in fairy tales after marrying you. I have realized that you are my happily ever after.
My dear wife, you are the prettier than the prettiest flowers to me. Every day, I fall in love with that gorgeous face and that golden heart you have.
Because you are in my life, everything seems perfect, and nothing is out of balance. I love you for making my life a piece of heaven.
You are my greatest comfort and biggest inspiration. You are the reason why my life is so beautiful, and my dreams are so colorful.
You keep my life on track and everything in balance. You are a perfect woman. To say ‘Love you’ simply is an understatement.
Sweetheart, you’re not my other ‘half’ because you are a complete and beautiful person yourself. Rather, you complimented me in such a way that no one could. I love you!
You know, we are like the two socks of a pair, and like the birds of the same feather. You fulfill my life with your presence, and I am so lucky to have you!
Marrying you was a fairy tale that came true for me. I’m still living in a fantasy, and all credit for that goes to you. I love you!
You are the kind of wife that every man desires for. You are that fairy which comes in a dream and never disappear even when the dream is over.
Some people get sweeter as they grow old, and some love becomes stronger with time. The first one is true for you and the second one is for me!
I love how you keep on taking my breath away every single time. I love you so much, honey. You are the epitome of beauty.
My love for you grow stronger with time, and I will never let go of you. Thank you for marrying me, my beautiful wife.
My life is a dream, and you are the beautiful fairy in it. The best thing is you never disappear even when I wake up. Love you, dearest wifey.
If incarnation is true, I will want you as my wife in every life I get. You are my strength and biggest inspiration.
Darling, when my life was filled with heavy rainfall, you shone brightly like a rainbow in my sky. And I instantly fell in love with all seven colors of yours.
From the very first moment I saw you, I knew that I wouldn’t settle down for any less. You and I may not be flawless, but we are perfect for each other. Love you!
I still skip my heartbeat whenever I look at you. You make me smile a zillionth time over, baby! You surely are the best thing that has ever happened to me.
Your genuine kindness and beautiful soul capture my heart every time, darling. Love you always and forever, my sweetheart.
Dear wife, I hope you know that you are the love of my life. Thank you for saying “Yes,” thank you for everything!
You are perfect even with all of your imperfections. You are amazing, even at the times when you are annoying. I love you for everything!
It is a privilege to wake up beside you every day. It is a dream come true to have you by my side. Love you like nothing matters without you, dear husband.
I find peace when I am with you. I want nothing more than you and nothing less than you!
Every moment with you is a blessing. You are the strongest and kindest soul I have ever met and I am lucky to have you as my companion. You own my heart.
I don’t think I will ever be able to thank God enough for sending you into my life and blessing me. Thank you for being the best! I love you.
Through thick and thin, we have been together. May God bless our bond and keep us safe. I will love you for a thousand years more, husband.
I’m the luckiest woman in this world to have the best man as my partner. Thanks for making my life simply amazing!
I love how you make me want to pause the moment whenever I am with you. You are my precious husband. I want to grow old with you.
You make every morning a little bit brighter and every night a little bit sparkler than it used to be. Thank you for coming into my life. I love you, darling.
Thanks, hubby, You are there when I feel sad, You are there when my mood is bad, You always support me in life, You are the only reason why I survive, Love you!
You have given me all the reasons to love you but I love you for everything you are and everything you are not. I love you today, tomorrow and every day!
You are my strength and my power. You make me full of hope even when there’s no hope left. You are the treasure that I looked for all of my life!
Taking the vow with you was the best decision I have ever made. It is impossible to live without you, my man. Love you to the fullest.
The things you do for our family and me melts my heart and makes me realize how lucky I have you by my side forever. Stay with me always, dear husband.
You captured my soul with your unconditional love for me. I wish to make you feel just as much love as you make me feel always!
In this life, God has blessed me with many things, but the best one is obviously you, my dear husband. I love you till death tear us apart.
I had been dreaming of you, way before I met you, way before you were even born in this world. And I am happy that you are mine now.
If I were a teardrop in your eye, I would roll down onto your lips. But if you were a tear in my eye, I would never cry as I would be afraid to lose you.
If you could see yourself through my eyes, you would know how much I love you. You hold a very special place in my heart! I will love you forever!
You turned all my imperfections into perfection just by the power of your love. I love you for all the great things that you did for me.
I fell in love right at the first moment I saw you. My love for you will never fade away. I love you for everything you are!
There is not a single scale in this world that can measure my love for you. It’s deeper than the ocean and truer than my reality!
Every morning of my life gives me a new reason to love you and to appreciate you for what you’ve given me. You are the one that holds the key to my heart!
I love you for being my truest lover, biggest friend, and most loyal companion. Without you, my life is nothing but an ocean of dust.
No fear can touch me except the fear of losing you. I have never loved anyone this much before. My only hope in life is you. I love you!
As long as you are in my life, I have absolutely no reason to be sad. Only you can give me everything I want in life. I love you for that!
I dream of a world where you and I would live for a thousand years to love each other. I know I’ll never be tired of loving you.
You mean everything to me. Without you, everything is dull and meaningless. I want to be with you for an eternity and more. I love you sweetheart!
I can go at any stretch to defend my love for you. I have only one desire in my heart and that is having you as my lover. I love you!
I will never promise you everything on earth, but I’ll promise you everything my heart brings out because you own my heart.
If there’s one thing in this world I’m afraid to lose, it’s you. I am so in love with you that I can’t afford to lose you!
I promise to be your guardian angel, the one that makes you smile when you’re moody. The one that cares about you than itself. The one that will love you until the end of time. I love you.
I have been blessed by the Almighty with such a precious gem like you. I will never let you go. I love you.
Every moment I spent with you seems to me like treasures. I will preserve you and these treasures lifelong. I will never let you go away from me. I love you.
“There is a madness in loving you, a lack of reason that makes it feel so flawless.”
“If you want to know how much I love and care for you, count the waves.”
My life wouldn’t have been this wonderful with you. I wouldn’t have been this enjoyable without your love. I’m in heaven, having you as my lover.
You came to my life as a blessing. Thank you, darling, for never giving up on me.
“For you see, each day I love you more, today more than yesterday and less than tomorrow.”
Living this life without you will be worthless. I want to stay with you forever and always.
“I love you as one loves certain dark things, secretly, between the shadow and the soul.”
You are my sunshine, sweet blessing and drop of joy. I wouldn’t have been able to do anything without you. I love you.
If there is anything like infinity in the world, I know where it lives. It stays in the form of love in between you and me and keeps traveling across every day!
My love for you is so real that it makes me want to do unreal things like jumping on the clouds and climbing the rainbow. I love you.
“I swear I couldn’t love you more than I do right now, and yet I know I will tomorrow.”
“The water shines only by the sun. And it is you who are my sun.”
“I love you more than there are stars in the sky and fish in the sea.”
If you are a prize, I’ll do anything to take you home. If you are Medal, I’ll work hard to earn you. If you are a flower, I’ll be watering you to grow beautifully.
If you listen to my breaths closely, you will hear the words I Love You coming out with every single one. I am literally living with you, and only you. I love you.
Ours is the most beautiful love story that ever happened on this earth. For me, you are a priceless gem that I don’t want to lose ever. Your love makes my life worth living every day. Thank you for being the nicest person that I ever met!
A girl like you deserves all the happiness in the world. You are so precious to me, and I’ll protect you from every harm. Every time I see the smile on your face, it feels like heaven to me. You are the most beautiful part of my life, and I’ll keep you happy always, I promise.
The only desire of my heart is to be with you every moment of my life. Your love draws me closer to you like a magnet. For me, you’re the only person with whom I can be myself without all the worries of being judged.
I’ll always find my way back to you no matter where life takes us. You are my perfect soulmate and the only person who knows me better than anyone. I am grateful for every single happy moment I have spent with you! You’re my only reason to smile.
You’re the best thing that life has given me so far and I know nothing can take your place in my heart. The love I have for you is pure and eternal!
You bring so much joy into my life that it is very hard for me even to imagine a life without you. It feels like I have been living my life in a paradise since I met you. Every time I think of you, my heart rejoices.
We live in two different bodies but share the same soul. We talk in one single language called love, and the only thing we are good at is caring for each other. Thank you for becoming the most important person in my life!
Our bond was decided in heaven long before we met each other. I can never think of a world without you. You are the sunshine of my life. I feel blessed every day for having such a beautiful soulmate like you!
A day without the picture of your face is like a year in military detention. 24 hours without the sound of your voice is frustrating because my heart beats all abnormally every second. I miss you.
Your love brings out the best in me. You give me the better I used to pray for. Thank you for loving me with your heart. I will love you not like anybody, but as nobody has ever loved you.
Your love is all that makes me a happy person in this unhappy world.
Because of you, my life is full of fun, and there is no shortage of love!
I’m in love with you, and I’m the happiest for the rest of my life.
My life has never been this much better. I wish I had met you sooner.
No matter how dark my days are, your presence lights up my heart every time.
I can’t live without you; you’re the best thing that ever happened to me.
I love you and we meant to be, and being together was written into our destiny.
You make my life a better place and full of great moments. I love you so much!
Your love is like a beautiful island in which I have no problem to be stranded in forever!
In your smile, I see something more beautiful than flowers.
My life is fully recharged with joy and happiness because of you. Never let me go!
I love you more than I can say. You’re my favorite person of all time.
I have never felt someone with all my heart so profoundly than you. You’re undoubtedly the best when it comes to loving me!
Your love is truly a wonderful gift for me. I can never think of anyone else who could love me so deeply!
You’re not perfect, but you’re just so close to it that it makes me feel so lucky all the time!
If I ever found a genie in a bottle, I would spend my three wishes wanting you by my side forever.
You are my greatest possession and I cannot risk losing you for anything. Love you to the fullest.
I fall in love even more with you with every second. Tell me, what magic spell did you cast on me?
I thought that love was overrated until the day I fell in love with you. You changed everything, my world, my life.
I don’t need a thousand reasons to feel special. All I need is you to live in this world. You are the sunshine of my life.
My love for you is nothing to do with me. It’s all about the way you are and the way you bring joy to everyone around you.
The Almighty has chosen you to be my soulmate, as no one else can understand me better than you do. I love you, stay with me always.
You have made me realized that love is the best feeling any human can feel. Thank you for coming into my life. I love you.
I cannot imagine surviving all the hardships of my life without your love and support. Keep holding my hands tightly forever. I love you.
If you ever asked me to pick between you and my dreams, I wouldn’t know what to say because being with you is my only dream. I love you.
You bring smiles to my face and joy to my heart. You make me so happy that you’re the only thing I think of all day long. I love you honey.
The best thing about being in love with you is that I have begun to enjoy every season of life with a lot more zest than I usually do. Such is the magic of your love, sweetheart.
Even a doctor would be baffled at how my heart conveniently decides to beat faster or slower – depending on whether I’m thinking about you or not. xoxo
You evoke happy emotions in me; you surface the most beautiful feelings in me – the ones I have kept hidden for too long.
Believe me when I say your love is more than a word I can spell. It’s so real that I can’t discard it. It’s so precious that everyone wishes for it. It’s so special that I can’t get enough of it.